Team E
2/11/25
Carter Baxter

Sean Crist-Edelen
•	
Logan Singleton
•	
Rafael Almeida

Vadim Pidoshva

Meeting Log # 6	Date: 2/11/25	Duration: 30 minutes
What have you done since the last team meeting?	•	[All Team]: Discussed how much backlog we have and assigned responsibilities
•	[Vadym Pidoshva]:took on finishing the readme file
•	[Logan Singleton]: Logan said he would work on the SRS
•	[Carter Baxter]: Worked on making the architecture diagram 
•	[Rafael Almeida]: was assigned, on customer feedback,  demo_video, Read_me, use_case diagram, bug issues. Proposed and Idea for having a google doc type of interaction with excel documents
	10min
What obstacles are you encountering?	•	UVU lawyers with Utah Legal hashing out NDA.
•	Utah County Health department upper management are still figuring out how to provide us the information we need without violating Hepa.
•	Environment problems with visual studio and folder permissions.
	10 min
What do you plan to accomplish in your next team meeting?	•	[All Team]: Work on bug fixes that are currently present in the software
•	[Rafael Almeida]: Fix Environment problems or buy a new computer
•	[Sean Edelen] Plans to get testing plan done by friday
•	[Carter Baxter]: Finishing touches on the architecture
•	[Vadim Pidoshva]: Fixing the statistical report and other issues that have been currently been found.	5 min
Notes	•	Keep the duplicates and flag them;
•	Get all documentation in to meet M1 guidelines.
•	Help each other finish the M1	 5 min
